Scan read (#18)
AMWA-TV/nmos-certificate-provisioning: docs/1.0. Certificate Provisioning.md

## NMOS Client Automated Root CA Certificate Provisioning Flow (informative)

To allow an NMOS Client to validate the TLS Certificates of NMOS Servers in the target network environment, it first needs the Root Certificate Authority certificates.

1. When the NMOS Client (EST Client) is connected to the target environment's network, it will first discover the location of the EST Server using unicast DNS-SD.
2. The NMOS Client will then request the Root CA for the target network, from the EST Server.
   - The NMOS Client can assume the EST Server found using DNS-SD is trusted and need not perform TLS authentication of the EST Server for this initial transaction.
   - The NMOS Client uses the Root CA returned to secure further communications with the EST Server and the NMOS Servers.

The workflow if the NMOS Client is moved to a new network is covered in detail in the [EST Client Behaviour](#est-client-behaviour) section.

![NMOS Client Workflow](images/nmos_client_workflow.png)
## NMOS Server Automated Certificate Provisioning Flow (informative)

> To enable zero-configuration TLS Certificate provisioning, NMOS implementations MUST include a unique TLS Client Certificate, signed by the manufacturer's Certificate Authority. Manufacturers MUST provide the corresponding Root Certificate Authority public key to customers, to be loaded into the EST Server. If the TLS Client Certificate or the chain of trust is compromised, the manufacturer must revoke the comprised certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable zero-configuration TLS Certificate provisioning, NMOS implementations MUST include a unique TLS Client Certificate, signed by the manufacturer's Certificate Authority. Manufacturers MUST provide the corresponding Root Certificate Authority public key to customers, to be loaded into the EST Server. If the TLS Client Certificate or the chain of trust is compromised, the manufacturer MUST revoke the comprised certificates.
```

Reviewer: ...although this section is marked informative, and is already using "MUST".  This needs fixing.

Author: Agreed! Will have a look again.

1. Before the NMOS Server (EST Client) is shipped from the factory it must be provisioned with a unique TLS Client Certificate, signed by the manufacturer's Certificate Authority.
2. When the NMOS Server is connected to the target environment's network, it will first discover the location of the EST Server using unicast DNS-SD.
3. The NMOS Server will then request the Root CA for the target network, from the EST Server.
   - The NMOS Server can assume the EST Server found using DNS-SD is trusted and need not perform TLS authentication of the EST Server for this initial transaction.
   - The NMOS Server uses the Root CA returned to secure further communications with the EST Server.
4. The NMOS Server will generate a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) for all supported digital signature algorithms with appropriate key lengths.
   - Ensure the DNS resolvable name for the current domain of the NMOS Server is included in the CSR.
   - Use appropriate values for the remaining CSR fields.
5. The NMOS Server will send each CSR to the EST Server.
   - The NMOS Server will provide the manufacturer-issued certificate during the TLS handshake, if this certificate is valid.

>    - The EST Server will use the TLS Client Certificate to authenticate and then authorize the NMOS Server. If the NMOS Server meets the local CA's security policy, it will be issued with a TLS Server Certificate.

Author: Does "local CA" something different than "Root CA [of the current network]" used elsewhere?

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this should not refer the the CA and instead refer to the EST Server
```suggestion
   - The EST Server will use the TLS Client Certificate to authenticate and then authorize the NMOS Server. If the NMOS Server meets the EST Server's security policy, it will be issued with a TLS Server Certificate.
```

To enable an NMOS Server to be trusted by the NMOS Clients in the target network, it first needs to be provisioned with a TLS Certificate anchored by the network's Root Certificate Authority.

1. Before the NMOS Server (EST Client) is shipped from the factory it is provisioned with a unique TLS Client Certificate, signed by the manufacturer's Certificate Authority.
2. Manufacturers provide the corresponding Root Certificate Authority public key to customers, to be loaded into the EST Server.
3. When the NMOS Server is connected to the target environment's network, it will first discover the location of the EST Server using unicast DNS-SD.
4. The NMOS Server will then request the Root CA for the current network, from the EST Server.
   - The NMOS Server can assume the EST Server found using DNS-SD is trusted and need not perform TLS authentication of the EST Server for this initial transaction.
   - The NMOS Server uses the Root CA returned to secure further communications with the EST Server.
5. The NMOS Server will generate a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) for all supported digital signature algorithms with appropriate key lengths.

>    - Ensure the DNS resolvable name for the current domain of the NMOS Server is included in the CSR.
>    - Use appropriate values for the remaining CSR fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The DNS resolvable name for the current domain of the NMOS Server will be included in the CSR.
   - The remaining CSR fields will have appropriate values.
```

## Introduction (informative)

This document covers the automated provisioning of TLS Certificates to NMOS Servers and automated provisioning of CA Certificates to NMOS Clients. These certificates are used to secure communication between NMOS Servers and NMOS Clients.

This document is not concerned with the security of the connection used to carry out provisioning of the TLS Certificate, but for the mechanism described in this document to be effective the connection must be secured, ideally using the recommendations covered in [BCP-003-01][].

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

## NMOS Client Automated Root CA Certificate Provisioning Flow (informative)

To allow an NMOS Client to validate the TLS Certificates of NMOS Servers in the target network environment, it first needs the Root Certificate Authority certificates.

1. When the NMOS Client (EST Client) is connected to the target environment's network, it will first discover the location of the EST Server using unicast DNS-SD.
2. The NMOS Client will then request the Root CA for the target network, from the EST Server.
   - The NMOS Client can assume the EST server found using DNS-SD is trusted and need not perform TLS authentication of the EST Server for this initial transaction.
   - The NMOS Client uses the Root CA returned to secure further communications with the EST Server and the NMOS Servers.

The workflow if the NMOS Client is moved to a new network is covered in detail in the [EST Client Behaviour](#est-client-behaviour) section.

![NMOS Client Workflow](images/nmos_client_workflow.png)
```

> ## Automated Certificate Provisioning Flow (informative)

Reviewer 3: Should also rename all EST Client to NMOS Server.

```suggestion
## NMOS Server Automated Certificate Provisioning Flow (informative)
```

> To enable zero-configuration TLS Certificate provisioning, NMOS implementations must include a unique TLS Client Certificate, signed by the manufacturer's Certificate Authority. Manufacturers must provide the corresponding Root Certificate Authority public key to customers. If the TLS Client Certificate or the chain of trust is compromised, the manufacturer must revoke the comprised certificates.

Author: ```suggestion
To enable zero-configuration TLS Certificate provisioning, NMOS implementations MUST include a unique TLS Client Certificate, signed by the manufacturer's Certificate Authority. Manufacturers MUST provide the corresponding Root Certificate Authority public key to customers, to be loaded into the EST Server. If the TLS Client Certificate or the chain of trust is compromised, the manufacturer must revoke the comprised certificates.
```

Or were those "must"s not intended to be normative?

1. Before the NMOS Server (EST Client) is shipped from the factory it must be provisioned with a unique TLS Client Certificate, signed by the manufacturer's Certificate Authority.

> 2. When the EST Client is connected to the target environment's network, it will first discover the location of the EST Server using unicast DNS-SD.
> 3. The EST Client will then request the Root CA for the target network, from the EST Server.
>    - The EST Client can assume the EST server found using DNS-SD is trusted and need not perform TLS authentication of the EST Server for this initial transaction.

Author: ```suggestion
2. When the NMOS Server is connected to the target environment's network, it will first discover the location of the EST Server using unicast DNS-SD.
3. The NMOS Server will then request the Root CA for the target network, from the EST Server.
   - The NMOS Server can assume the EST server found using DNS-SD is trusted and need not perform TLS authentication of the EST Server for this initial transaction.
```

   - It uses the Root CA returned to secure further communications with the EST Server and (?) NMOS Servers.

> 4. The EST Client will generate a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) for all supported digital signature algorithms with appropriate key lengths.
>    - Ensure the DNS resolvable name for the current domain of the EST Client is included in the CSR.
>    - Use appropriate values for the remaining CSR fields.
> 5. The EST Client will send each CSR to the EST Server.
>    - The EST Client will provide the manufacturer-issued certificate during the TLS handshake, if this certificate is valid.
>    - The EST Server will use the TLS Client Certificate to authenticate and then authorize the EST Client. If the EST Client meets the local CA's security policy, it will be issued with a TLS Server Certificate.
> 6. The EST Client will provide the returned TLS Certificate and the corresponding chain of trust in all future responses returned by its NMOS APIs.

Author: ```suggestion
4. The NMOS Server will generate a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) for all supported digital signature algorithms with appropriate key lengths.
   - Ensure the DNS resolvable name for the current domain of the NMOS Server is included in the CSR.
   - Use appropriate values for the remaining CSR fields.
5. The NMOS Server will send each CSR to the EST Server.
   - The NMOS Server will provide the manufacturer-issued certificate during the TLS handshake, if this certificate is valid.
   - The EST Server will use the TLS Client Certificate to authenticate and then authorize the NMOS Server. If the NMOS Server meets the local CA's security policy, it will be issued with a TLS Server Certificate.
6. The NMOS Server will provide the returned TLS Certificate and the corresponding chain of trust in all future responses from its NMOS APIs.
```

> The workflow if no valid manufacturer TLS Client Certificate is present or if the EST Client is moved to a new network are covered in detail in the following [sections](#est-client).

Author: ```suggestion
The workflow if no valid manufacturer TLS Client Certificate is present or if the NMOS Server is moved to a new network are covered in detail in the [EST Client Behaviour](#est-client-behaviour) section.
```

> ![NMOS EST Workflow](images/nmos_est_workflow.png)
> (Why "Node" in this diagram?)

Author: ```suggestion
![NMOS Server Workflow](images/nmos_server_workflow.png)
```

## Introduction (informative)

> This document covers the automated provisioning of TLS Certificates to NMOS Servers, which are then used to secure communications between NMOS Servers and NMOS Clients.
> What about provisioning of the network's Root CA to NMOS Clients?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This document covers the automated provisioning of TLS Certificates to NMOS Servers and automated provisioning of CA Certificates to NMOS Clients. These certificates are used to secure communication between NMOS Servers and NMOS Clients.
```

This document is not concerned with the security of the connection used to carry out provisioning of the TLS Certificate, but for the mechanism described in this document to be effective the connection must be secured, ideally using the recommendations covered in [BCP-003-01][].

> ## Automated Certificate Provisioning Flow (informative)

Author: Feels like an informative section shouldn't use normative language (should, must, etc.)

This section is also duplicated in part lower down...

Reviewer 3: > This document covers the automated provisioning of TLS Certificates to NMOS Servers, which are then used to secure communications between NMOS Servers and NMOS Clients.

This document covers the automated provisioning of TLS Certificates to NMOS Servers and automated provisioning of CA Certificate to NMOS Clients, which are then used to secure communications between them.

- Create 2 separate `Automated Certificate Provisioning Flow (informative)` sessions, one for NMOS Client and one for NMOS Server.
- Replace `Nodes NMOS APIs` with `NMOS Server's APIs` in the `Automated Certificate Provisioning Flow `diagram.

Author: Sounds like a good idea to me, @simonlo-sony.

To enable zero-configuration TLS Certificate provisioning, NMOS implementations must include a unique TLS Client Certificate, signed by the manufacturer's Certificate Authority. Manufacturers must provide the corresponding Root Certificate Authority public key to customers. If the TLS Client Certificate or the chain of trust is compromised, the manufacturer must revoke the comprised certificates.

1. Before the NMOS Server (EST Client) is shipped from the factory it must be provisioned with a unique TLS Client Certificate, signed by the manufacturer's Certificate Authority.
2. When the EST Client is connected to the target environment's network, it will first discover the location of the EST Server using unicast DNS-SD.
3. The EST Client should(?) then request the Root CA for the target network, from the EST Server.

>    - The EST Client should(?) assume the EST server found using DNS-SD is trusted and need not perform TLS authentication of the EST Server for this initial transaction.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
3. The EST Client will then request the Root CA for the target network, from the EST Server.
   - The EST Client can assume the EST server found using DNS-SD is trusted and need not perform TLS authentication of the EST Server for this initial transaction.
```

>    - It uses the Root CA returned to secure further communications with the EST Server and (?) NMOS Servers.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   - The NMOS Server uses the Root CA returned to secure further communications with the EST Server.
```

Author: Is that enough?

4. The EST Client must generate a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) for all supported digital signature algorithms with appropriate key lengths.
   - Included in the CSR must be the DNS resolvable name for the current domain of the EST Client.
   - Appropriate values for the remaining CSR fields should(?) be used.
5. The EST Client should(?) send each CSR to the EST Server.
   - The EST Client must(?) provide the manufacturer-issued certificate during the TLS handshake, if this certificate is valid.
   - The EST Server will use the TLS Client Certificate to authenticate and then authorise whether the EST Client (what?). If the EST Client meets the local CA's security policy, it will be issued with a TLS Server Certificate. (How come RFC 7030 doesn't mention server certs??)

> 6. The EST Client should(?) provide the returned TLS Certificate and the corresponding chain of trust in all future responses returned by its NMOS APIs.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
4. The EST Client will generate a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) for all supported digital signature algorithms with appropriate key lengths.
   - Ensure the DNS resolvable name for the current domain of the EST Client is included in the CSR.
   - Use appropriate values for the remaining CSR fields.
5. The EST Client will send each CSR to the EST Server.
   - The EST Client will provide the manufacturer-issued certificate during the TLS handshake, if this certificate is valid.
   - The EST Server will use the TLS Client Certificate to authenticate and then authorize the EST Client. If the EST Client meets the local CA's security policy, it will be issued with a TLS Server Certificate.
6. The EST Client will provide the returned TLS Certificate and the corresponding chain of trust in all future responses returned by its NMOS APIs.
```

The workflow if no valid manufacturer TLS Client Certificate is present or if the EST Client is moved to a new network are covered in detail in the following [sections](#est-client).

![NMOS EST Workflow](images/nmos_est_workflow.png)
(Why "Node" in this diagram?)

## DNS-SD Advertisement

The EST Server MUST be advertised using unicast DNS-SD as per [RFC 6763][RFC-6763].
The EST Server SHOULD NOT be advertised via mDNS-based DNS-SD.

> EST Clients MUST NOT trust an mDNS-based DNS-SD advertisement for the EST server unless explicitly configured to do so.

Reviewer 5: I feel the "mDNS-based DNS-SD" is a little confusing... does this alter the meaning?

```suggestion
EST Clients MUST NOT trust an mDNS advertisement for the EST server unless explicitly configured to do so.
```

### EST Server - Client Authentication

The EST Server MUST authenticate the EST Client that is requesting a TLS (Server?) Certificate manually or automatically using a TLS Client Certificate.

> The EST Server MUST support using a TLS Client Certificate, presented during the TLS handshake by the EST Client to authenticate if the EST Client is trusted. The TLS Client Certificate can either be signed by the current CA or a third party-trusted CA. The EST Server MUST check the validity of the EST Client's TLS Certificate before responding to its request, including checking the TLS certificate's revocation status where applicable.

Author: ```suggestion
The EST Server MUST support using a TLS Client Certificate, presented during the TLS handshake by the EST Client to authenticate if the EST Client is trusted. The TLS Client Certificate can either be signed by the current CA or a trusted third-party CA. The EST Server MUST check the validity of the EST Client's TLS Certificate before responding to its request, including checking the TLS certificate's revocation status where applicable.
```

As the TLS Client Certificate is intended to be used for the lifetime of the device, the validity of the TLS Client Certificate and its corresponding chain of trust SHOULD exceed the intended lifetime of the product. It is therefore RECOMMENDED that this is a minimum of 30 years. The EST Server MAY ignore the validity period of the TLS Client Certificate and authenticate an EST Client using an expired TLS Client Certificate, if it has not been revoked.

The EST Server MUST provide a method to load multiple trusted Root CAs, that are used to verify the TLS Client Certificate.

The EST Server MAY also support manual authentication of the EST Client if:
- No TLS Client Certificate is presented during the TLS handshake
- The TLS Client Certificate is not trusted
- The local security policy requires an extra authentication step

> The exact process for manual authentication will be implementation specific, but the EST Server MUST provide enough information to the operator so they can authenticate the EST Client. In accordance with [RFC 7030 - Section 4.2.3](RFC-7030), during manual authentication the EST Server MUST respond with HTTP 202 and the response MUST include a `Retry-After` header as defined for HTTP 503 responses.

Reviewer 4: Fixed reference to RFC 7030 which was breaking the lint
```suggestion
The exact process for manual authentication will be implementation specific, but the EST Server MUST provide enough information to the operator so they can authenticate the EST Client. In accordance with [RFC 7030 - Section 4.2.3][RFC-7030], during manual authentication the EST Server MUST respond with HTTP 202 and the response MUST include a `Retry-After` header as defined for HTTP 503 responses.
```

> The exact process for manual authentication will be implementation specific, but the EST Server MUST provide enough information to the operator so they can authenticate the EST Client. In accordance with [RFC 7030 - Section 4.2.3][RFC-7030], during manual authentication the EST Server MUST respond with HTTP 202 and the response MUST include a `Retry-After` header as defined for HTTP 503 responses.

Author: ```suggestion
The exact process for manual authentication will be implementation specific, but the EST Server MUST provide enough information to the operator so they can authenticate the EST Client. In accordance with [RFC 7030 - Section 4.2.3](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7030#section-4.2.3), during manual authentication the EST Server MUST respond with HTTP 202 and the response MUST include a `Retry-After` header.
```

### EST Server-Side Key Generation

The EST Server MAY support the server-side key generation endpoint `/serverkeygen`, which SHOULD (why??) be implemented in accordance with [RFC 7030 - Section 4.4](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7030#section-4.4). This endpoint allows devices unable to generate their own key pair with the required entropy to request a TLS certificate.

If the server-side generated key endpoint is supported, the EST Server MUST perform client authentication and authorisation as per [EST Server - Client Authentication](#est-server---client-authentication).

If the EST Client is authenticated and authorised, the EST Server MUST return the TLS Certificate and private key used to sign the certificate.

If requested by the EST Client, the EST Server MUST encrypt the returned private key.

The EST Server SHOULD generate a key of an appropriate length.

In order to accommodate low-powered devices it is RECOMMENDED that signing of TLS Certificates using an RSA key is done by the EST Server, as this is currently computationally complex.

> ## EST Client

Author: ```suggestion
## EST Client Behaviour
```

### EST Server-Side Key Generation

The EST Server SHOULD support the server-side key generation endpoint `/serverkeygen` in accordance with [RFC 7030 - Section 4.4](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7030#section-4.4). This endpoint allows devices unable to generate their own key pair with the required entropy to request a TLS certificate.

If the server-side generated key endpoint is supported, the EST Server MUST perform client authentication and authorisation as per [EST Server - Client Authentication](#est-server---client-authentication).

If the EST Client is authenticated and authorised, the EST Server MUST return the TLS Certificate and private key used to sign the certificate.

If requested by the EST Client, the EST Server MUST encrypt the returned private key.

The EST Server SHOULD generate a key of an appropriate length.

> In order to accommodate low-powered devices it is RECOMMENDED that signing of TLS Certificates using an RSA key is done by the EST Server, as this is currently computationally complex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signing of TLS Certificates using an RSA key is computationally complex; to accommodate low-powered devices, it is RECOMMENDED that this is carried out by the EST Server.
```

## EST Client Behaviour

The EST Client manufacturer MUST issue a unique TLS Client Certificate for every device.

> As the TLS Client Certificate is intended to be used for the lifetime of the device, the validity of the TLS Client Certificate and its corresponding chain of trust SHOULD exceed the intended lifetime of the product. It is therefore RECOMMENDED that this is a minimum of 30 years. The EST Server MAY ignore the validity period of the TLS Client Certificate and authenticate an EST Client using an expired TLS Client Certificate, if it has not been revoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the TLS Client Certificate is intended to be used for the lifetime of the device, the validity of the TLS Client Certificate and its corresponding chain of trust SHOULD exceed the intended lifetime of the product. It is RECOMMENDED that this is a minimum of 30 years. The EST Server MAY ignore the validity period of the TLS Client Certificate and authenticate an EST Client using an expired TLS Client Certificate, if it has not been revoked.
```

### EST Server - Client Authentication

> The EST Server MUST authenticate the EST Client that is requesting a TLS (Server?) Certificate manually or automatically using a TLS Client Certificate.

Reviewer 5: Lower down https://github.com/AMWA-TV/nmos-certificate-provisioning/pull/18/files#diff-1b2fb902da0028870248b51d70e5fb08a0e2281864d88f4184b15e58e666627aR172

It MUST be server and client

```suggestion
The EST Server MUST authenticate the EST Client that is requesting a TLS Certificate manually or automatically using a TLS Client Certificate.
```

Author: To clarify, @prince-chrismc, is it two certificates being requested, not one?
Also, I struggled to parse "manually or automatically using a TLS Client Certificate". That needs a comma or two at least to make it clear.

Reviewer 5: It's one certificate with two purposes.

I found that unclear as well, what would manually be?

Author: ```suggestion
The EST Server MUST authenticate the EST Client before issuing a TLS Certificate as described below.
```

As the TLS Client Certificate is intended to be used for the lifetime of the device, the validity of the TLS Client Certificate and its corresponding chain of trust SHOULD exceed the intended lifetime of the product. It is therefore RECOMMENDED that this is a minimum of 30 years. The EST Server MAY ignore the validity period of the TLS Client Certificate and authenticate an EST Client using an expired TLS Client Certificate, if it has not been revoked.

The EST Server MUST provide a method to load multiple trusted Root CAs, that are used to verify the TLS Client Certificate.

The EST Server MAY also support manual authentication of the EST Client if:
- No TLS Client Certificate is presented during the TLS handshake
- The TLS Client Certificate is not trusted
- The local security policy requires an extra authentication step

> The exact process for manual authentication will be implementation specific, but the EST Server MUST provide enough information to the operator so they can authenticate the EST Client. During manual authentication the EST Server MUST respond with HTTP 202 and the response MUST include a `Retry-After` header as defined for HTTP 503 responses.
> (Worth linking to RFC 7030 Section 4.2.3 to be clear this is an invention of that spec, not NMOS? I had to check.)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The exact process for manual authentication will be implementation specific, but the EST Server MUST provide enough information to the operator so they can authenticate the EST Client. In accordance with [RFC 7030 - Section 4.2.3](RFC-7030), during manual authentication the EST Server MUST respond with HTTP 202 and the response MUST include a `Retry-After` header as defined for HTTP 503 responses.
```

Author: @jonathanthorpe-sony @andrewbonney  What's the policy about linking to specific sections of RFCs? If we do a link directly here we can include the necessary fragment, but that pollutes the document a little?

> The EST Server MUST not support Basic HTTP Authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
The EST Server MUST NOT support Basic HTTP Authentication.
```

Author: Probably superseded as a result of the conversation following on from https://github.com/AMWA-TV/nmos-certificate-provisioning/pull/18#discussion_r591332884

> The EST Server MUST not support Basic HTTP Authentication.

Author: And as opposed to other REQUIREMENTS in this spec, this is new normative language in this spec not just quoted normative language from RFC 7030. Is that right?

Reviewer 5: It seems out of place to block one HTTP authorization scheme 🤔

Reviewer 4: According to RFC 7030: 

> The EST server can optionally also request that the EST client submit a username/password using the _HTTP Basic_ or Digest authentication method

Should we perhaps remove this line from the spec?

Author: @prince-chrismc, @jonathanthorpe-sony, exactly, I agree, unless the activity group has determined a reason to override RFC 7030 or this is already covered by a subsequent RFC or I-D?

Reviewer 5: If this optional feature was enabled it would prevent the workflow we imagined.

Perhaps something like...

```suggestion
The EST Server SHOULD NOT impose Basic HTTP Authentication described in [ref](#)
```

Reviewer: I think SHOULD NOT would be suitable.

Author: What's the appropriate reference? https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7030#section-6 or https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7030#section-3.2.3?

Author: The paragraphs above REQUIRE the EST Server to support TLS Client Certificates as the means of authentication, at the TLS layer. So do we need to mention HTTP Basic Authentication at all here? Is this one approach to "manual authentication"? @peterbrightwell @prince-chrismc

Reviewer 2: I think it should be left in due to security risk of username/passwords being insecurely stored on devices, but agree it should be replaced with SHOULD NOT.

Reviewer 5: From RFC7030

> For bootstrapping, the EST client can rely upon manual authentication performed by the end-user as detailed in Section 4.1.1.

> the optional certificate-less authentication is used as specified in Section 3.3.3.

🤔 

The TLS authentication MUST be supported and this is optional. 

FRom docs/1.0. Certificate Provisioning.md#L160

> The EST Server MAY also support manual authentication of the EST Client

But this line prevents it.

Let's remove it!

```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Manual Auth and Basic HTTP Auth are two different things. 
Basic HTTP Auth is at the Transport layer and would require the EST client to support sending a username & password with the request.
Manual Auth would be something implement on the EST server side, its UI for example to give an admin control to manually approve requests that were not automatically approved, the EST Client would get a HTTP 202 response while waiting for its request to be manually approved

Author: OK. RFC 7030 says "The EST server MAY request HTTP-based client authentication" and what you're saying, @JamesGibo, is that we want an additional constraint in BCP-003-03 that "The EST Server SHOULD/MUST NOT request HTTP-based client authentication"?

RFC 7030 says "This request can be in addition to successful TLS client authentication if EST server policy requires additional authentication." although in practice is it more likely to request HTTP-layer client auth in the case that the client does not provide any TLS Client Certificate or possibly an invalid/out-of-date one?

RFC 7030 also goes on to say "the server MUST NOT assume client support for any type of HTTP authentication such as cookies, Basic authentication, or Digest authentication.  Clients SHOULD support the Basic and Digest authentication mechanism."

Digest authentication still suffers from the problem that you mentioned of encouraging vendors to store unencrypted passwords, right?

Reviewer 2: Yeah i think we want to add an additional constraint in BCP-003-03 that "The EST Server SHOULD/MUST NOT request HTTP-based client authentication". 
After looking at this again I think, as you said this constraint should cover both Basic and Digest Auth. 
This would prevent EST client implementers from having to support HTTP-based client auth, prevent insecure auth mechanisms and hopefully prevent integration issues

Author: Proposal:
```suggestion
The EST Server MUST NOT request HTTP-based client authentication, which is an optional protocol in [RFC 7030 - Section 3](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7030#section-3). This variation to RFC 7030 allows EST Clients that do not support the HTTP Basic and Digest Access Authentication mechanisms.
```

Reviewer 2: Looks good to me

Reviewer: I think the commas make that a bit ambiguous. Would prefer `The EST Server MUST NOT request HTTP-based client authentication. This is an optional protocol in [RFC 7030...](...) to accommodate...`

Reviewer: Better now!

Author: Edited (again) based on @peterbrightwell feedback, that "This" could have referred to "The EST Server MUST NOT request" or to "an optional protocol". Thanks, Pete!

> The EST Server MUST be capable of issuing TLS Certificates signed with both (rephrase?) RSA and ECDSA Digital Signature algorithms.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The EST Server MUST implement both RSA and ECDSA Digital Signature algorithms for signing TLS Certificates.
```

The EST Server MUST return a TLS Certificate with the Extended Key Usage set for both TLS Server Authentication and TLS Client Authentication as per [RFC 5280][RFC-5280]. This is to allow the TLS Certificate to be used both as a server certificate to authenticate NMOS APIs to NMOS Clients and for authentication of the EST Client to the EST Server during certificate renewal.

### EST Server-Side Key Generation

> The EST Server MAY support the server-side key generation endpoint `/serverkeygen`, which SHOULD (why??) be implemented in accordance with [RFC 7030 - Section 4.4](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7030#section-4.4). This endpoint allows devices unable to generate their own key pair with the required entropy to request a TLS certificate.

Reviewer 5: > why??

To allow for interoperability with low-powered devices 😄

Author: @prince-chrismc What I meant was why SHOULD, not MUST? As it stands the spec allows me to implement **/serverkeyen** as an endpoint that returns LOLcats 😸 or orders a unicorn 🦄.

Reviewer 5: Ah, at the time there was no server which supported that feature so we felt is was better to use a weaker statement.

Author: If the activity group feels strongly that this is important to support low-power devices, how about:

```suggestion
The EST Server SHOULD support the server-side key generation endpoint `/serverkeygen` in accordance with [RFC 7030 - Section 4.4](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7030#section-4.4). This endpoint allows devices unable to generate their own key pair with the required entropy to request a TLS certificate.
```

### EST Server-Side Key Generation

The EST Server SHOULD support the server-side key generation endpoint `/serverkeygen` in accordance with [RFC 7030 - Section 4.4](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7030#section-4.4). This endpoint allows devices unable to generate their own key pair with the required entropy to request a TLS certificate.

If the server-side generated key endpoint is supported, the EST Server MUST perform client authentication and authorisation as per [EST Server - Client Authentication](#est-server---client-authentication).

If the EST Client is authenticated and authorised, the EST Server MUST return the TLS Certificate and private key used to sign the certificate.

If requested by the EST Client, the EST Server MUST encrypt the returned private key.

The EST Server SHOULD generate a key of an appropriate length.

In order to accommodate low-powered devices it is RECOMMENDED that signing of TLS Certificates using an RSA key is done by the EST Server, as this is currently computationally complex.

## EST Client Behaviour

> The EST Client manufacturer SHOULD issue a unique TLS Client Certificate for every device. It is RECOMMENDED that the `notAfter` value be set to the `GeneralizedTime` value of `99991231235959Z`, defined in [RFC 5280 - Section 4.1.2](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5280#section-4.1.2.5) for when a certificate is intended to be used for the entire lifetime of the device. All certificates in the chain of trust MUST also have their `notAfter` value set to the `GeneralizedTime` value of `99991231235959Z`. A client certificate and chain of trust with the `notAfter` value set to the `GeneralizedTime` value of `99991231235959Z` MUST not be used for anything other than EST Client authentication.

Reviewer 2: This section needs re-wording to match the changes in https://github.com/AMWA-TV/nmos-certificate-provisioning/pull/13 where the recommendation is to use a minimum of 30 years. 
Or should this be removed as it currently duplicates what is cover in the `EST Server - Client Authentication` section

Author: Thanks, James. Done.

The EST Server SHOULD generate a key of an appropriate length.

> It is RECOMMENDED that the EST Server signs the TLS Certificate using an RSA key, as currently they are the most computationally complex to generate.
> (?)

Reviewer 4: Not quite sure what this sentence is trying to say, but this is my guess:

```suggestion
In order to accommodate low-powered devices it is RECOMMENDED that signing of TLS Certificates using an RSA key is done by the EST Server, as this is currently computationally complex.
```

Author: Committing but others can review the change to check that's the intent!

## EST Client

> The EST Client manufacturer SHOULD issue a unique TLS Client Certificate for every device. It is RECOMMENDED that the notAfter value be set to the GeneralizedTime value of 99991231235959Z, defined in [RFC 5280 - Section 4.1.2](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5280#section-4.1.2.5) for when a certificate is intended to be used for the entire lifetime of the device. All certificates in the chain of trust MUST also have their NotAfter value set to the GeneralizedTime value of 99991231235959Z. A client certificate and chain of trust with the notAfter value set to the GeneralizedTime value of 99991231235959Z MUST not be used for anything other than EST Client authentication.

Author: One notAfter is not initial-capitalized and one is, NotAfter. Gah!

Please can parameter names and values (like 99991231235959Z) be consistently `backticked` rather than Plain Text or "double quoted"?

> The EST Client manufacturer SHOULD issue a unique TLS Client Certificate for every device. It is RECOMMENDED that the notAfter value be set to the GeneralizedTime value of 99991231235959Z, defined in [RFC 5280 - Section 4.1.2](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5280#section-4.1.2.5) for when a certificate is intended to be used for the entire lifetime of the device. All certificates in the chain of trust MUST also have their NotAfter value set to the GeneralizedTime value of 99991231235959Z. A client certificate and chain of trust with the notAfter value set to the GeneralizedTime value of 99991231235959Z MUST not be used for anything other than EST Client authentication.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The EST Client manufacturer SHOULD issue a unique TLS Client Certificate for every device. It is RECOMMENDED that the `notAfter` value be set to the `GeneralizedTime` value of `99991231235959Z`, defined in [RFC 5280 - Section 4.1.2](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5280#section-4.1.2.5) for when a certificate is intended to be used for the entire lifetime of the device. All certificates in the chain of trust MUST also have their `notAfter` value set to the `GeneralizedTime` value of `99991231235959Z`. A client certificate and chain of trust with the `notAfter` value set to the `GeneralizedTime` value of `99991231235959Z` MUST not be used for anything other than EST Client authentication.
```

> The device manufacturer SHOULD populate the TLS Client Certificate "serialNumber" (quotes?) attribute with the device's unique serial number from [RFC 5280 - Section 4.1.2.2](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5280#section-4.1.2.2)'s list of standard attributes.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The device manufacturer SHOULD populate the TLS Client Certificate `serialNumber` attribute with the device's unique serial number from [RFC 5280 - Section 4.1.2.2](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5280#section-4.1.2.2)'s list of standard attributes.
```

An EST Client MAY ignore all timestamps in the certificate validity periods during the certificate provisioning process if it does not accurately know the current time, see [Bootstrapping Remote Secure Key Infrastructures - Section 2.6.1](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-anima-bootstrapping-keyinfra-41#section-2.6.1) for more information.

> 

Reviewer 4: Suggest that this passage from the "Notes for Implementers" section is either:
- better placed here
- better placed  in the implementation guide
- better deleted
```suggestion

An EST Clients MUST have access to a good source of randomness in an acceptable amount of time. For more information, refer to [BRSKI](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-anima-bootstrapping-keyinfra/) and [RFC 4086 - Randomness Requirements for Security][RFC-4086].
```

...
```

If the EST Server returns a HTTP redirect, the the EST Client SHOULD follow the redirect URL, renegotiating the TLS session when appropriate.

If the EST Server returns a HTTP 202 or 503 with a `Retry-After` header, the EST Client SHOULD NOT attempt the HTTP request again until the period defined in that header has expired.

If the EST Server returns an HTTP 4xx, HTTP 5xx or Connection Timeout, the EST Client SHOULD attempt the request again using an alternative EST Server if present, else the EST Client SHOULD wait an appropriate exponential backoff period before retrying.

### Initial Certificate Provisioning

#### EST Server Discovery

> On connection to the target environment's network, the EST Client SHOULD attempt to discover the location of the EST Server using [DNS-SD](#dns-sd-advertisement), if EST has not been disabled or the location of the EST configured manually.

Author: ```suggestion
On connection to the target environment's network, the EST Client SHOULD attempt to discover the location of the EST Server using [DNS-SD](#dns-sd-advertisement), if EST has not been disabled or the location of the EST Server configured manually.
```

...
```

If the EST Server returns a HTTP redirect, the the EST Client SHOULD follow the redirect URL, renegotiating the TLS session when appropriate.

> If the EST Server returns a HTTP 202 or 503 with a Retry-After (quoting?) header, the EST Client SHOULD not attempt the HTTP request again until the period defined in the header has expired.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If the EST Server returns a HTTP 202 or 503 with a `Retry-After` header, the EST Client SHOULD NOT attempt the HTTP request again until the period defined in that header has expired.
```

If the EST Server returns an HTTP 4xx, HTTP 5xx or Connection Timeout, the EST Client SHOULD attempt the request again using an alternative EST Server if present, else the EST Client SHOULD wait an appropriate exponential backoff period before retrying.

### Initial Certificate Provisioning

#### EST Server Discovery

On connection to the target environment's network, the EST Client SHOULD attempt to discover the location of the EST Server using [DNS-SD](#dns-sd-advertisement), if EST has not been disabled or the location of the EST configured manually.

#### Get Root CA

There are two possible workflows for installing the Root CA for the target network depending on whether explicit trust of the EST Server is **Enabled** or **Disabled**.

If explicit trust of the EST Server is **Enabled**, the EST Client SHOULD make an HTTPS request to the `/cacerts` endpoint of the EST Server for the latest Root CA of the current network. The EST Client SHOULD explicitly trust the EST Server manually configured or discovered using unicast DNS and not perform authentication of the EST Server's TLS Certificate during the initial request to the EST Server.

> If explicit trust of the EST Server is **Disabled**, the EST Client SHOULD make an HTTPS request to the `/cacerts` endpoint of the EST Server for the latest Root CA of the current network. The EST Client MUST perform authentication of the EST Server's TLS Certificate, using the (EST Client's current?) list of trusted Certificate Authorities.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If explicit trust of the EST Server is **Disabled**, the EST Client SHOULD make an HTTPS request to the `/cacerts` endpoint of the EST Server for the latest Root CA of the current network. The EST Client MUST perform authentication of the EST Server's TLS Certificate, using the EST Client's current list of trusted Certificate Authorities.
```

The CSR request SHOULD populate the "serialNumber" attribute with the device's unique serial number from [RFC 5280 - Section 4.1.2.2](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5280#section-4.1.2.2)'s list of standard attributes.

The CSR request SHOULD include information specific to the current authenticated TLS session within the signed CSR, this is to prevent man-in-the-middle attacks. More information about the linking of identity and proof-of-possession can be found in [RFC 7030 - Section 3.5](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7030#section-3.5).

#### Certificate Request

For each generated CSR, the EST Client SHOULD make an HTTPS request containing the CSR to the `/simpleenroll` endpoint of the EST Server. The EST Client SHOULD include the manufacturer-installed TLS Client Certificate, if present and valid, during the TLS handshake with the EST Server. If the TLS certificate is no longer valid, the [Expired Manufacturer-Issued TLS Client Certificate](#Expired-Manufacturer-Issued-TLS-Client-Certificate) workflow should be followed.

> #### Certificate Request Response

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For each generated CSR, the EST Client SHOULD make an HTTPS request containing the CSR to the `/simpleenroll` endpoint of the EST Server. The EST Client SHOULD include the manufacturer-installed TLS Client Certificate, if present and valid, during the TLS handshake with the EST Server. If the TLS certificate is no longer valid, the [Expired Manufacturer-Issued TLS Client Certificate](#expired-manufacturer-issued-tls-client-certificate) workflow should be followed.

#### Certificate Request Response
```

Author: I think we already did that in c01a800804603b46331cacfe22dde6765b7cf112...

> If the EST Server returns an HTTP 200 response, the certificate request was successful and the response from the EST Server SHOULD (?!) contain a valid TLS certificate.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If the EST Server returns an HTTP 200 response, the certificate request was successful and the response from the EST Server MUST contain a valid TLS certificate.
```

If the EST Server returns an HTTP 202 or 503, the request was accepted, but the certificate has not been processed yet. The response SHOULD include a `Retry-After` header and the EST Client MUST not attempt resending the request before the defined time has expired. If the TLS session is renegotiated and the CSR includes identity linking information, the CSR will need to be regenerated. The EST Client SHOULD attempt resending the request an appropriate number times before aborting and the [Certificate Request Error Response](#certificate-request-error-response) workflow followed.

> 

Reviewer 4: Suggest that this passage from the "Notes for Implementers" section is either:

- better placed here
- better placed in the implementation guide
- better deleted
```suggestion

The certificate returned by the EST Server need not be valid until some time in the future; the `notBefore` date MUST be checked before using the certificate.

EST Clients MUST implement robust Base64 decoding in order to accept data from a broad range of EST Server implementations, considering the issues identified in [RFC 4648 - Section 3](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-3) such as the presence of line feeds in encoded data.
```

> [RFC 7030 - Section 4.2.3](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7030#section-4.2.3)
> (Bare reference, why?)

Reviewer 4: I suggest we remove this
```suggestion
```

#### Certificate Request Error Response

If the EST Server returns any other HTTP response, the request has been unsuccessful. This could be caused by a malformed request, server-side error or the EST Client not being authorised. The EST Client SHOULD restart the EST workflow with an alternative EST Server if present, else the EST Client SHOULD implement an exponential backoff algorithm, with a starting period of 1 second before retrying.

If the EST Client is performing a renewal and the request is unsuccessful, the EST Client SHOULD carry on using the existing TLS Certificate if still valid and reattempt renewal after half of the remaining period of validity has elapsed. If the remaining validity is less than 1 day, the EST Client SHOULD implement an exponential backoff algorithm, with a starting period of 1 second before retrying.

### Certificate Renewal

> Renewal of the TLS Certificate SHOULD be attempted no sooner than 50% of the certificate's expiry time or before the 'Not Before' (GOOD GOD!) date on the certificate. It is RECOMMENDED that certificate renewal is performed after 80% of the expiry time. If the EST Client's TLS Certificate is no longer valid, the [Initial Certificate Provisioning](#initial-certificate-provisioning) workflow should be followed.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Renewal of the TLS Certificate SHOULD be attempted no sooner than 50% of the certificate's expiry time or before the `notBefore` date on the certificate. It is RECOMMENDED that certificate renewal is performed after 80% of the expiry time. If the EST Client's TLS Certificate is no longer valid, the [Initial Certificate Provisioning](#initial-certificate-provisioning) workflow should be followed.
```

The EST Client MUST generate a new key pair and CSR matching the TLS certificate it is being used to replace. The EST Client SHOULD make a request containing the CSR to the `/simplereenroll` endpoint of the EST Server. The EST Client MUST include the TLS Certificate being renewed during the TLS handshake with the EST Server.

EST Client SHOULD handle the EST Server's response as per [Certificate Request Response](#certificate-request-response).

> 

Reviewer 4: Suggest that this passage from the "Notes for Implementers" section is either:

- better placed here
- better placed in the implementation guide
- better deleted
```suggestion

EST Clients SHOULD be implemented so that certificate renewal does not adversely affect operation (e.g. interruption of a media stream or loss of an NMOS control connection).
```

### EST Server-Side Key Generation

An EST Server MAY support server-side key generation, allowing devices to request a TLS Certificate without having to perform the computationally expensive process of generating a private key.

If the EST Server supports server-side key generation, the EST Client MAY make a request to the EST Server endpoint `/serverkeygen` in accordance with [RFC 7030 - Section 4.4](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7030#section-4.4).

The EST Client SHOULD request that the returned private key is encrypted using either symmetric or asymmetric encryption, by including the appropriate information in the CSR.

The EST Client SHOULD include the manufacturer installed TLS Client Certificate if present and valid during the TLS handshake with the EST Server. If the TLS certificate is no longer valid, the [Expired Manufacturer-Issued TLS Client Certificate](#Expired-Manufacturer-Issued-TLS-Client-Certificate) workflow should be followed.

> EST Client SHOULD handle the EST Server's response as per [Certificate Request Response](#certificate-request-response).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The EST Client SHOULD include the manufacturer installed TLS Client Certificate if present and valid during the TLS handshake with the EST Server. If the TLS certificate is no longer valid, the [Expired Manufacturer-Issued TLS Client Certificate](#expired-manufacturer-issued-tls-client-certificate) workflow should be followed.

EST Client SHOULD handle the EST Server's response as per [Certificate Request Response](#certificate-request-response).
```

Author: I think we already did that in c01a800804603b46331cacfe22dde6765b7cf112...

2. The manufacturer-issued TLS Client Certificate MAY be renewed by a software/firmware update; this update MUST contain a unique TLS certificate per device. The valid TLS Client Certificate MAY then be used during [Initial Certificate Provisioning](#initial-certificate-provisioning).

### Connection to New Network

It MAY be desirable that when a EST Client is connected to a different network that it automatically requests a TLS Certificate for the new network.

On start up or on change of network state, the EST Client MUST attempt to discover the EST Server using [DNS-SD](#dns-sd-advertisement), unless the location of the EST Server is manually configured. The EST Client SHOULD make a request to the `/cacerts` endpoint. If the request is successful, the EST Client SHOULD compare the returned Certificate to the currently installed Root CA. If the Certificate is for a different domain, the EST Client MUST follow the [Initial Certificate Provisioning](#initial-certificate-provisioning) workflow.

### Certificate Revocation

> An EST Client SHOULD periodically check the revocation status of both the Root CA and their(its?) TLS Certificates using [OCSP][RFC-6960] and [CRL][RFC-5280]. If a TLS Certificate is revoked, the EST Client MUST stop using the revoked certificate immediately and follow [Initial Certificate Provisioning](#initial-certificate-provisioning) workflow to replace the certificate.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
An EST Client SHOULD periodically check the revocation status of both the Root CA and its TLS Certificates using [OCSP][RFC-6960] and [CRL][RFC-5280]. If a TLS Certificate is revoked, the EST Client MUST stop using the revoked certificate immediately and follow [Initial Certificate Provisioning](#initial-certificate-provisioning) workflow to replace the certificate.
```

## Notes(?) to Implementers

> (MOVE TO IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE?)

Author: "Notes to implementers" shouldn't use normative language, should it?
So if it's  normative, rename the section. If it's not, remove from here, and move to INFO-002 in that doc's next edition.

Reviewer: Agreed. This section appears to include both actual normative items and items that look normative but I don't think are e.g. "...MAY not be valid"

> - EST Clients MUST have access to a good source of randomness in an acceptable amount of time. For more information on achieving this, see [BRSKI - Section 5.9.4](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-anima-bootstrapping-keyinfra-41#section-5.9.4) and [RFC 4086 - Randomness Requirements for Security][RFC-4086].

Reviewer 4: Suggested moving this to the EST Client section, moving to the Implementation Guide or deleting

- The certificate returned by the EST Server MAY not be valid until some time in the future.
  - The 'Not Before' date MUST be checked before using the certificate.

> - Care SHOULD be taken when implementing the certificate renewal process, to make sure the renewal does not affect user operation in a critical way (e.g. loss of control by connected NMOS Clients or the primary operation of the device).

Reviewer 4: Suggested moving this to the Certificate Renewal section, moving to the Implementation Guide or deleting

- Some Base64 decoding libraries expect a line length of 64 characters, although this is not required by [RFC 4648 - Section 3.1](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-3.1) and some EST Server implementations do not limit the line length of encoded data.

>   - EST Clients MUST be able to decode Base64 data that is not limited to 64 characters per line.

Reviewer 4: Suggested moving this to the Certificate Request Response section, moving to the Implementation Guide or deleting

## Security Considerations

Bootstrap Distribution of CA Certificate:
- EST Clients SHOULD implicitly trust the EST Server found using DNS-SD. EST Clients SHOULD NOT validate the chain of trust for the EST Server's TLS Certificate when using the `/cacerts` endpoint.

> - EST Clients MUST use the CA returned by the EST Server endpoint `/cacerts` to establish an Explicit Trust Anchor database used for subsequent TLS authentication of the EST Server and NMOS Servers(?).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- EST Clients MUST use the CA returned by the EST Server endpoint `/cacerts` to establish an Explicit Trust Anchor database used for subsequent TLS authentication of the EST Server and NMOS Servers.
```

On connection to the target environment's network, the EST Client SHOULD attempt to discover the location of the EST Server using [DNS-SD](#dns-sd-advertisement), if EST has not been disabled or the location of the EST Server configured manually.

#### Getting the Root CA

There are two possible workflows for installing the Root CA for the target network depending on whether explicit trust of the EST Server is **Enabled** or **Disabled**.

If explicit trust of the EST Server is **Enabled**, the EST Client SHOULD make an HTTPS request to the `/cacerts` endpoint of the EST Server for the latest Root CA of the current network. The EST Client SHOULD explicitly trust the EST Server manually configured or discovered using unicast DNS and not perform authentication of the EST Server's TLS Certificate during the initial request to the EST Server.

If explicit trust of the EST Server is **Disabled**, the EST Client SHOULD make an HTTPS request to the `/cacerts` endpoint of the EST Server for the latest Root CA of the current network. The EST Client MUST perform authentication of the EST Server's TLS Certificate, using the EST Client's current list of trusted Certificate Authorities.

> If the EST Server returns an HTTP 200 response, the EST Client SHOULD add the returned Root CA to the list of trusted Certificate Authorities, replacing any previously installed Root CAs which were obtained via EST. It SHOULD also store any intermediate certificates returned, which are used to form the chain of trust for certificates issued by the EST CA.

Author: The phrase "[latest] Root CA [of the current network]" is clear. Does "EST CA" here mean something different?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the EST Server returns an HTTP 200 response, the EST Client SHOULD add the returned Root CA to the list of trusted Certificate Authorities, replacing any previously installed Root CAs which were obtained via EST. It SHOULD also store any intermediate certificates returned, which are used to form the chain of trust for certificates issued by the EST Server.
```

Reviewer 2: No difference in the meaning, but think that we can just say "issued by the EST Server"

Author: Makes perfect sense to me. Will commit that suggestion after you've had a chance to look at the other little questions too. :-)
